# Contributing Guide #

Thank you for your interest in contributing to **sereno**. This is a
generic guide that details how to contribute to sereno in a way that
is efficient for everyone. If you want a specific documentation for
different parts of the platform, please refer to `docs/` directory.


## Issues ##

[github-issues]: https://github.com/sereno-xyz/sereno/issues

I'm using [GitHub Issues][github-issues] for the public issues or
feature requests. I keep a close eye on this and try to make it clear
when I have an internal fix in progress. Before filing a new task,
try to make sure your issue doesn't already reported before.

If you found a bug, please report it, as far as possible with:

- a detailed explanation of steps to reproduce the error
- a browser and the browser version used
- an exception stack trace (if it is available)

If you want to request a feature:

- Ensure that no previous open issue with similar/identical feature request.
- Explain the detail and rationale behind the feature request.


## Pull requests ##

If you intend to fix a bug it's fine to submit a pull request right
away but I still recommend to file an issue detailing what you're
fixing. This is helpful in case I don't accept that specific fix but
want to keep track of the issue.

If you want to implement or start working in a new feature, please
open a **question** / **discussion** issue for it. No pull-request
will be accepted without previous chat about the changes,
independently if it is a new feature, already planned feature or small
quick win.

If is going to be your first pull request, You can learn how from this
free video series:

https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github

I will use the `easy fix` mark for tag for indicate issues that are
easy for beginners.


## Code of conduct ##

As contributors and maintainers of this project, we pledge to respect
all people who contribute through reporting issues, posting feature
requests, updating documentation, submitting pull requests or patches,
and other activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a
harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of level of
experience, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual
orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race,
ethnicity, age, or religion.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include the use of
sexual language or imagery, derogatory comments or personal attacks,
trolling, public or private harassment, insults, or other
unprofessional conduct.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit,
or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other
contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct. Project
maintainers who do not follow the Code of Conduct may be removed from
the project team.

This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public
spaces when an individual is representing the project or its
community.

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior
may be reported by opening an issue or contacting one or more of the
project maintainers.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version
1.1.0, available from http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/1/0/
